README.md, before:

Monster Tower
=============
Monster Tower is a game inspired by Sim Tower.

![Screenshot of a tower built in Monster Tower game](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Leffe108/Monster-Tower/master/screenshot-2.png)

# Story
In the Netherlands there is a town called Monster. It want to show how much better it is there compared to its neighbours. So they decide to build a tall tower. Your job is to build that tower.

# Contorls
The game can be played using mouse (left button) or keyboard

## Keyboard controls
Key        | Context    | Usage
-----------------------------------
Tab        | Any        | Moves focus around toobar buttons, window buttons and built rooms/stairs/etc.
Enter      | Any        | Activate focused button/link.
Arrow keys | Build room | Moves the place where a new room would be built in the arrow direction.
h,j,k,l    | Build room | Vim movement keys for moving the place where a new room would be built.

# Play it
http://junctioneer.net/monster-tower/

# Ludum Dare 33
This game was made as an [entry](http://ludumdare.com/compo/ludum-dare-33/?action=preview&uid=38630) for the Ludum Dare 33 game development competition.

Commit message:

-Add: Allow moving one room left/right or 5 floors up/down at the time using Ctrl + arrow keys

README.md, after:

Monster Tower
=============
Monster Tower is a game inspired by Sim Tower.

![Screenshot of a tower built in Monster Tower game](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Leffe108/Monster-Tower/master/screenshot-2.png)

# Story
In the Netherlands there is a town called Monster. It want to show how much better it is there compared to its neighbours. So they decide to build a tall tower. Your job is to build that tower.

# Contorls
The game can be played using mouse (left button) or keyboard

## Keyboard controls
Key        | Context    | Usage
-----------------------------------
Tab        | Any        | Moves focus around toobar buttons, window buttons and built rooms/stairs/etc.
Enter      | Any        | Activate focused button/link.
Arrow keys | Build room | Moves the place where a new room would be built in the arrow direction. Hold Ctrl to move left/right one room width at the time or 5 floors up/down at the time.
h,j,k,l    | Build room | Vim movement keys for moving the place where a new room would be built.

# Play it
http://junctioneer.net/monster-tower/

# Ludum Dare 33
This game was made as an [entry](http://ludumdare.com/compo/ludum-dare-33/?action=preview&uid=38630) for the Ludum Dare 33 game development competition.
